So when I'm thinking through a project like this I kind of want to map out in
my head or on a piece of paper sort of what I want to do and where I want things
to go. So in this case right we have this need to adopt a persona every day with a
secret codename and so we can use pins for that kind of as a backbone for this
because we might end up deciding that we want for one a shiny app right that we
can log into and we can see what our what our codename is for the day we
might want a daily email that tells us what our codename is delivered to our
box or we could even go so far as you know let's let's make a slack bot
right that runs and it sends me a slack message and tells me what my name is
these kinds of things right so so we might have need for this information of
what our daily generated codename is going to be delivered in multiple ways
and so that's why I think using a pin for this information of what's my real
name and what's my codename gonna be so we're gonna start off right and we're
gonna have this pin we're gonna have our our username right you have to forget my
handwriting and our codename right and so this is just gonna be data right
what's this gonna be so we're gonna take this you'll love this we're just gonna
stick this thing on a pin right use this here how are we gonna get this information
right we want this to be updated on a daily basis and so one of the best ways
that we can do this let's make a little script right and this is gonna be
generate that's what that says generate pen this is gonna be a our markdown
document and we're just gonna schedule this little puppy right we'll publish
this on the connect we'll schedule it so every single day my our markdown
document is going to take my list of users take a list of generated code
names smush them together and stick it into a pen so we'll do that stick this
up here and then from this right we have other things that we can do we can make
a shiny app right you are right here's your shiny app right and you can do
shiny right stick this here you could do other things right you could have a
slack bot you could have an email right and that email you know we would
generate that we generate that with an R markdown document and blastula for
example right um have connect send that on our behalf via our markdown the slack
bot as well we can generate that with a script put that up in our markdown so
all of these things are using our pen so these are all the little elements that
we're gonna put into place you might go back to this beginning to say well okay
how are we gonna get our get our usernames and where are we gonna pull
this from just what happens I have another pin just sitting around that
does have all of the usernames for folks that are on our connect server so
I've already got this as a pen so what a fun project we're actually gonna start
with data that's penned bring it into an R markdown create another pen and
then use it for downstream assets sound fun
all right so let's get cooking we'll start with this R markdown document is
going to be our pin generator right so we need to pull in our usernames so
generate all right clean all of this stuff up and so what do we want to do
first we need to get some libraries in pens we're gonna need fire my favorite
I need to spell it correctly my favorite little package for generating code names
one little one called IDs okay so this should be all that we need first we're
gonna go grab the user data information that we have so we're gonna use pens
define a board board RSC connect and run that so yep we've got our board defined
and let's get our users send board and read into my board and it is what is it
user users user I think it's user let's try it hey it seemed to work okay
awesome we've got user information a hundred and sixty six users cool all
right so we can take this we don't need any of this other stuff what I want to
do is just get username and assign a code name and my ultimate goal for this
shiny app is I want the user to log in pull up the shiny app and I want the
shiny app to know who that user is and then tell them record name so we're
gonna use for that app just kind of charting the course here we're gonna use
this ability to do session dollar sign user on the app so that we can
distinguish who is who and now let's make up some code names so let's make a
table here code names let's take users and we just want username and we want to
mutate let's stick a code name equals let's see I gotta go by memory yeah let's
play around a minute with this IDs function IDs adjective animal okay
animal n equals one let's do let's just for kicks let's spit out five one
adjective to make case and let's just see if we get ah cool oh no I don't
like some of those but all right run this a couple of times and we've got
some good stuff okay so this is what we want to do we want to use additive
animal code name equals adjective animal and let's see some of these can be a
little bit wild so let's put I remember from other playing with this package it
gets a little some of the names get to be a little bit excessive if you don't
put a maximum length on it so let's see what we get that's not good everybody's
a frugal people we need to do let's do this whoops and equals number of rows
game users is that gonna get me so I have unique names yes doughy that's concave
flamingo all right now we are cooking every time we run this it's going to
cook up new names so I want to make it unique for every day so let's let's set
the seed and does this work as numeric
all right set the seed code names do we get the same ah I didn't set the seed
twice lazy mute perfect okay we have stable code names and now all we need to
do I'm not talking to my code very well create code name this is obvious table
and now we need to pin it so we're gonna take our board type that into pin
right and we're going to put code names to it
I'm gonna publish this as well so we can put it on a schedule so let's publish
this little we're gonna publish this
here we go we are deployed all right so we've got our pen generator or writing
depends now let's schedule this otherwise we're gonna end up with the
same code name every day so let's run this and yeah we should probably run
this just a little after midnight every day that sounds good so now this is
gonna run it's gonna run on a daily basis so here's our graphic of where we
are it's going to run and every day update this pin for us so so we wanted
to make this shiny app right that's going to tell us every day what our
code name is I am NOT the world's most elegant shiny developer but I will get
by love a good clean slate okay so for our shiny app we're gonna need shiny
let's see are we gonna need anything else or of course we're gonna need pens
again can't spell and then all right so what do we want this to do first we're
gonna want to bring in bring in our code name table so we're gonna do that board
this is gonna look familiar right board equals RS connect and code names equals
read board and then what we call it what did we call it we call it code names I
think so all right cross your fingers
good names there we are you lazy newt okay so where were we we need to bring
it all in and have a nice little greeting so let's do like on our main
panel let's give output and this would just be our greeting all right and then
what is our greeting it is going to be something along the lines of
render text and then let's do secret agent and then we need to put in the
username however we determine it to be all right we need to figure out what our
username is going to be so how do we know the username and so two things
right we're gonna know the username based on who is logged in so the
username is going to be all right so username equals session that we're
saying user however I want to be able to test this locally so I'm gonna do a
little environment swapper room so we're going to do all right so we're gonna set
our default all right and we're just developing locally we're gonna say that
our default is me and then when you're using when you're using the session
dollar sign user and you want that can be identified with the environment
variable for our config so let's do get environment variable our config so if
the active configuration is RS connect all right this is making sense our
config active is RS connect username is session dollar sign user otherwise it's
me all right output greeting hello all right and now we also need to figure out
what our current name is going to be so we say hello to ourselves and then we
now have to define what the current name is going to be so code name
under text use your code name let's call it we have to define what that is so
let's stick it up here so we've got the pen we've got the pen with our user name
and our code name so we're just going to take our code names table filter it
username equals username and then we'll just pull so for kicks all right so we say
username is this we've got our code names what do we end up with code names
where did we where'd we fill out
exposable tuna Oh name okay so it is God makes it even more let's see is that
gonna bite us anywhere else there's I see cod I think we should be in good
shape okay so let's test this out see if this runs locally
cotton oh my gosh fabulous let's publish this puppy let's go code names generator
secret generator oh can't find pull for every D plier to the rescue all right
try that again
exposable tuna so from here I guess we could like leave it an exercise to the
reader to build out more assets so you round out our secret agent personas